[Titan shrieking]
[Keiko] Open the door please!
[Lee] We gotta get to a boat!
Go. go. go. go. Get to a boat!
- [Keiko] Oh. God!
- [Lee huffs]
[roars]
[intense music playing]
[roaring]
[groans. coughs]
[panting]
Kei?
Kei? Kei.
- Kei. Are you all right?
- Yeah.
[Titan groaning]
Hey. wait. Kei. Kei.
Kei. Kei. Kei.
[panting]
- [Titan warbles]
- [creature chitters]
[ethereal music playing]
[Titan warbles]
[chittering continues]
[warbles. chitters]
Wow.
[chitters]
[groans] God.
[music fades]
Okay. Hurry up. Come on.
Poor Billy.
Poor Billy. Poor Billy?
What do you mean?
He missed it.
[Lee] Yeah.
That's not all he missed.
[chattering]
What are they...
Shit.
Shit. shit. shit.
I lost my gun in there.
Come on. Let's go.
- Oh.
- Lee!
[Lee] All right.
[in Spanish]
[in English] Okay. Okay.
- [in Spanish]
- [in English] Easy.
He wants the camera.
Do you really think
he's gonna let us go
- if we give it to them?
- Just give him the camera.
- No.
- [in Spanish]
- [Keiko. in English] Sorry.
[clamoring]
[clamoring continues]
[Lucía]
[village leader]
[villager 1]
[clamoring continues]
[Keiko screams]
[grunting]
- [grunts]
- [villager 2 in Spanish]
[Lee in English] Follow me.
[in Spanish]
- [villagers clamoring]
- [Lee panting]
- [in English] Run.
- [Lucía clamoring]
[May] Hey!
I'm assuming you're going
out to grab a bite?
I need to go home.
[sighs] Yeah.
You were gonna leave
without saying anything?
I'm only causing
trouble here.
- I... I don't belong.
- No. I don't believe that.
- I think you have
a purpose here.
- No. I don't.
[emotional music playing]
I bought into all of Dad's crap
about this being my legacy.
Yeah. maybe this
is your legacy.
Cate. you looked
Godzilla in the eye.
You went to Axis Mundi
and back.
I saw you.
Yeah. and what happens
when people find out
I'm the person that released
a new Titan into the world?
I think this is just
what's best for everyone.
Well. then you don't know
what's best for me.
[announcer on PA
speaking Japanese]
[tense music playing]
Any idea how long
it'll be before this ship
can get underway?
We're not gonna know
how much damage
was done to the engines
until we get engineers onboard.
In the meantime.
it's been three years
since Godzilla
and we have our first Titan
loose in the world.
Barris and the rest of
the board want to keep things
under wraps to avoid panic.
And the last thing
we need out there
is mass hysteria.
[Lee] And exactly how are we
supposed to hide a Titan?
Wh-What if we could?
You two have something?
Well... [sighs]
What if instead of
waiting for it to appear.
we could lead it
where we want it to go?
Away from population centers
while we work on a strategy
to deal with it.
The Titan turned to follow us
because the Scarab
emitted a sound.
That's what the Titan
responded to.
If we could
replicate the sound...
I believe I can reconfigure
the emitter coils
on a Suzuki device
to emulate the frequency.
Well. except Kong destroyed
your device on Skull Island.
Um...
I have another one.
- What?
- [stammers] It's a prototype.
In my workshop.
In Tokyo. Just outside Shibuya.
What? That's amazing.
Okay. okay.
So we build
a Titan dog whistle
and we-we lure it
out here into
the southern ocean somewhere
- and then... what?
- [Lee] All right.
One thing at a time.
But first thing we need
to do. obviously. is get
to that prototype.
Excuse me. sir. We need you
in the command center.
Uh. excuse me.
We'll need
command override access
to the whole system.
[Tim] Uh. hey. excuse me. hi.
Can I help you?
Ah. I'm guessing
by the air of command
and that beard
you must be Tom.
- Tim. actually.
- Tim. Right.
Uh. Jason Trissop.
head of special projects.
Apex Cybernetics.
Wait. wait. Wait a minute.
Wait. wait. wait. Apex?
We weren't expecting you.
Oh. yeah. we needed to get
a jump on the situation
so I hopped a chopper.
There is a Titan
on the loose.
Take a look at that. mate.
Yeah. we're aware.
What? I don't...
You-You guys are upgrading
the-the sensor system?
Well. you could
call it an upgrade
if you say that
dropping a Ferrari engine
into a Pinto is a tune-up.
Well. I didn't...
What we're developing is an
ultra long-wave sonar system
that can piggyback to
your arrays and extends
their range and sensitivity.
This is the best chance
you have of finding
that Titan.
[sighs] Okay. [stammers] Great.
Can you just try
to stay out of our way?
I'll-I'll have somebody
let you know where
the coffee machine is.
I'm afraid
it's more than that.
Uh...
Since you lost trail
of the Titan.
my team's been granted
operational control
of Outpost 18.
On a temporary
basis only.
What?
No. no. no. no. no. Th-Th-That
doesn't make any sense.
[stammers]
[clears throat] I'm-I'm. uh...
I'm gonna call Director Barris.
This-This is not right.
Give him
my regards. yeah?
They are a private corporation.
How is Apex in charge
of a Monarch operation?
You had orders
to track down that Titan.
Which I followed!
But then I had
to decide between that
and saving those ships!
And now we don't know
when or where
that thing's gonna turn up.
- I made the right call.
- You did.
Or was it Leland Shaw?
Look. sir.
whether Monarch wants to
admit it or not. Colonel Shaw
- has a lifetime of experience.
- He is a criminal.
We would be idiots not to
listen to him and Dr. Randa.
Do I need to remind you what
happens when there's a Titan
rampaging through a city?
'Cause I--
Are you finished?
Are you through?
Well. I don't know.
You tell me. Am I?
The jury's still out.
- [sighs]
- But here's the deal. Tim.
Apex has offered us access
to technology that may
allow us to find that Titan
before the public finds out
what's happening here.
And to that end.
I'm gonna need you
to support them
and give them any kind
of assistance they need.
And to hand over Leland Shaw
and Dr. Keiko Randa
before they create yet another
catastrophic event for Monarch
- and the entire world.
- But Dr. Randa is--
Without delay.
[tense music playing]
And I trust that message
didn't come through garbled.
Wait. So.
who are Apex Cybernetics?
They're a
technology corporation.
Biomedical research.
uh. neural implants.
Real bleeding edge stuff.
So Monarch's farming out
its mission to big tech now?
No. no. not the mission.
Just the hardware.
[Hiroshi] Apex has
deep pockets.
They were willing to fund
the operation on Skull Island.
We wouldn't have gotten
you guys back without them.
Well. so far I love these guys.
but. I don't know.
what's in it for them?
Well. I can tell you
that it's not
for humanitarian reasons.
but if there's money
to be made in the Titan
business. they're all in.
And Monarch can't afford
the mass panic.
They gotta keep this
under wraps.
Be careful out there.
As soon as they know
you're gone.
they're gonna have half
of Tokyo looking for you.
Hey. Do you really think
this Titan sound plan
of yours is going to work?
Outstanding.
[solemn music playing]
[announcer speaking Japanese]
- [Lee] That didn't
take Monarch long.
- [Keiko gasping] God.
[Hiroshi] If we get this
thing going. we can lead it
to the middle of the ocean
so Monarch can deal with it.
[intriguing music playing]
- [whirring]
- [Lee] Huh.
[Hiroshi] No one has to know
the Titan's out there.
[chuckles] How'd you get
this through Customs?
Um. many bribes.
- You built this?
- Based on Dr. Suzuki's
original designs.
His Titan phone.
It's so much smaller than his.
But considerably more powerful.
He used it
to awaken Godzilla.
You called Godzilla?
[Hiroshi] Godzilla
was more of a side effect.
I was trying to open a rift.
To build upon yours and Bill's
old theories about
the Titan network.
Right. so we know
that this thing
can call on Godzilla.
but what's...
what's the process here?
We will need to modify
the gamma ray emulator
to broadcast
the Titan's acoustic signature
we picked up on Outpost 18.
Titan's song.
It's a pretty
extensive modification.
You say extensive and
I hear time-consuming.
You know. we got Monarch
on our tail and
a Titan on the lam
so how can we help
move things along here?
Kentaro and I need
to collect some components
but. uh. I could use
original wiring
diagrams from my office.
Think you guys
can handle that?
Just need an address.
We've handled worse.
[tense music playing]
- [Lee. Keiko panting]
- [villagers shouting.
clamoring]
Come on. Come on.
Keiko. Go. go. go. go.
- [Keiko grunts]
- Wait. Hold on.
Wait. Stop. stop.
- Oh. my God.
Give me the camera.
- We have to keep moving.
- Give me the camera.
Give the camera.
- What? No.
we need that film. Lee.
The camera. Give it to me.
I'll get you the film.
- [Keiko] They're coming.
- I know.
Take this...
Out of your camera.
- The film.
- [clamoring continues]
Could buy us some time.
I hope.
[sinister. suspenseful
music playing]
[breathing shakily]
[in Spanish]
Shh.
- [Lucía sighs]
- [clamoring continues]
[gasps]
[music continues]
- [village leader in Spanish]
- [inhales. stammers]
Hmm.
[clamoring continues
in distance]
[exhales shakily]
Everything's fine. Kei.
We're gonna be okay.
Come on.
Let's go.
[Tim speaking Japanese]
[clears throat]
- [in English] Hi.
- Hi.
Thanks for meeting me.
Seems like a cool place.
So shouldn't you be
at Outpost 18.
monitoring G-TASS.
or whatever?
Um. most likely the only thing
they're gonna need me
for anytime soon
is an exit interview.
Let me guess.
You devoted your life
to something.
poured your heart
and soul into it.
just to wake up one day
and realize you
might have made a bad bet.
To disappointment.
The only thing that
never fails to disappoint.
[chuckles] Kanpai. loser.
So what are you
gonna do now?
Eat noodles. Get drunk.
[stammers. chuckles]
Is there a phase two?
Uh. I mean.
there's an opening at Monarch.
But I haven't checked out
the perks package yet. so...
Well. I'm sure it's not
nearly as good as Apex.
No. Apex has a barista.
- We have the pods.
- Mm-hmm.
- [chuckles]
- Listen...
Maybe we shouldn't
be looking past it.
I mean. maybe we
should be looking at it.
This whole technical
makeover of Outpost 18...
I mean. if we can
use their tech. great.
But handing over a Monarch
asset to a private company?
It does not make sense.
Yeah. I know.
Welcome to the free market.
Look. I'm...
telling you
they are up to something.
And we are... we are just
seeing the tip of the iceberg.
I just think it would
be nice to know someone
- on that particular iceberg--
- All right.
I'm feeling. like. a little
drunk so you need to stop
talking in metaphors.
and tell me what you want.
What I want...
is for you to ask
Brenda Holland for a job.
I want you to be
a mole at Apex.
So what. you think that
they're up to something?
- That--
- I don't know.
But they seem pretty
damn invested in it.
If they are up to something.
it could start another G-Day.
So how would this work?
How'd you get the job
in the first place?
Well. I mean.
the best way to get a job...
[sighs]
...is to have something
that they need.
And that I have.
[pensive music playing]
Have a good day.
[chopping]
[dishes clattering]
[cutlery clattering]
Hi. Mom.
Oh. my...
[sobbing] Oh. my God.
I'm back.
- It's okay.
- [sobbing continues]
All right. Here it is.
- Wow.
- You sure I can't help?
- Yeah. you can do the dishes.
- [both chuckle]
I can't believe that
you didn't let us
pick you up at the airport.
Yeah. Come on.
- It's my specialty. All right.
- Yeah.
I got an earlier flight.
and wanted to see the city.
- Cheers.
- Well. cheers.
So...
can you tell us anything
about where you were.
or is it all top secret?
I'm sure that Cate
will tell us all about
her adventures in her own time.
It doesn't even feel real.
For me. I've only
been gone a few days.
And there's really
another world where
those creatures live?
And you were there?
There and...
back again. [chuckles]
[James] Oh. wow.
So what now?
I don't know.
[Caroline] Hey.
Go. see.
do whatever you need to.
[James] Hmm.
[Caroline] You know what?
I saw Martin and a couple
of your teacher friends
the other day.
Maybe you should
all get together?
Whatever happened to you.
Cate. it's over now.
It's in the past.
This is the new normal.
right?
[tense music playing]
[Lee] All right. Let's find
those wiring diagrams for Hiro.
and get outta here
as quick as possible.
[Keiko] Let me get the blinds.
[sighs] Oh. man.
Well. it'd be
a big help if Hiroshi
ever labeled anything.
[Keiko] He hasn't changed.
[mumbling]
Wait. Did Cate and Kentaro...
Do they have different mothers?
Yeah.
Was Hiroshi a widower?
Divorced?
It's not my story to tell.
Lee. I-I just
wanna know is-is he...
Is he all right? Is he happy?
Ask him.
I guess we all
have our secrets.
[thunder rumbling]
Hold on.
- Hold on. Wait. wait. Hold on.
- [groans]
What now?
[Lee] We could
take cover in there.
I can dress that for you.
Come on.
[sighs] Rest on the bed.
All right. Let me see.
Oh.
Yeah. He got you good.
I gotta dress that.
[inhales deeply]
[sighs]
Worse comes to worst.
you can get these photos
back to Billy.
Yeah.
That ought to go over well.
Perfect.
I. uh. lost your girl pal.
but. hey.
here's some glamour shots
of the thing that killed her.
[thunder rumbling]
- This is gonna hurt.
- [sighs. chuckling]
You ready?
[exhales sharply] Yeah. Yeah.
Say when.
[grunts]
- Good job.
- [grunts]
How's it look?
Not so good.
I don't think
you're gonna make it. Kei.
- [both chuckle]
- Impressive bedside manner.
Yeah. Well.
I am not the doctor. Doctor.
[moody music playing]
- Lee.
- Hmm?
What happened
back there?
I don't know.
It looked like that creature
came for those Scarab things.
And then we just got
caught in the middle.
You know what I mean.
- When we danced.
- Yeah. we danced.
[Keiko grunts]
- I thought we were
both past that--
- I know.
- We both agreed.
Look. I don't know
what you thought you felt.
but it wasn't real.
You're with Billy.
You love each other.
and that's the way it is.
It was the wine.
So... [grunts]
No more wine.
[somber music playing]
[driver] This is it.
[phone chimes]
[chattering]
You know what?
I think I wanna
go somewhere else.
Straight ahead please.
- Hello. Corah.
- Hey. Brenda. How are you?
I have to admit.
I was surprised
to get your call.
Have you finally
decided to start taking
yourself seriously?
Yeah. I wanna...
I wanna try.
Try won't cut it. Corah.
I'm serious.
After everything
that I've been through.
I feel like I need to
have some type of purpose.
I want to use what
I know to stop Titan X.
The last time
we worked together.
you tried to
burn my house down.
- That can't happen
again. Corah.
- I know.
I understand.
You erased all the copies
of the code. No?
[chuckles]
I erased all of your
copies of the code.
Come inside.
Monarch can't keep their
secret hidden forever. Corah.
The world will find out.
It's about what happens next.
[in Japanese]
- [Lee] Hiro.
- [Hiroshi] Hey.
what are you wearing?
Did you take that hat
from my office?
A city with 40 million cameras.
You know what I mean?
- So you got them?
- Took us a little while
to decipher your
filing system. but yeah.
- You?
- Yeah. we have what we need.
Uh. we're kinda
exposed out here.
Let's get back
to the shop.
- I think we should split up.
- All right.
Kentaro. why don't you
come with me?
We'll scout up ahead.
Come on.
Hey. hey.
Your office
reminds me so much
of your father's.
How he kept his space.
I don't really remember.
Used to drive me crazy.
remember?
It was impossible
to find anything.
I miss it
more than anything.
This must be
difficult for you.
I saw photos...
of Kentaro's mother.
And Cate's.
You were married twice?
This isn't really the time.
I know I left you
a long time ago. but...
I'm here now.
And I want to know you.
About your life.
Your family. your children.
Everything I missed.
I wasn't married twice.
I loved two women.
Kentaro's mother here.
Cate's in San Francisco.
I gave in to what
my heart wanted.
I don't expect you
to understand.
[Lee] Hmm.
- Hey.
How you feeling?
How long was I out?
Um. a while.
[grunts] I think
we should get going.
[Keiko grunts.
inhales sharply]
Did you get any rest?
[grunts] The Army teaches you
to sleep with
your eyes open. so...
- [grunts]
- No.
- No. I'm fine. Come on. Kei.
- It's not.
- It's... It's a little
flesh wound. It's--
- Let me look at it.
Leave it. [grunts] Ow.
Honestly.
you'd rather sit here
and bleed to death
than admit you need help.
- Kei. come on.
- What good are you to me
- if you can't move. hmm?
- Bleeding stopped.
- Mostly.
But it could get infected.
- I guess.
Give me your knife.
Okay.
What are you gonna do?
Perform surgery?
- Don't...
- [chuckles] Kei...
[winces] Jesus Christ.
- Go easy on me.
- Who's the tough guy now. hmm?
[yelps. winces]
[grunts] Goddamn it.
[groaning] Okay.
- [grunts] Enough.
Kei... I got it. Kei.
- Hold still.
- We gotta go.
- Come on. Kei. Ow!
- Let me look at it.
- Just... Why do you
always do this?
- Enough! Goddamn it!
- Do what?
- Take care of
everyone else but yourself.
What I always do is follow
you into every situation
against my better judgment.
But you run right into danger
- every goddamn time.
- So you're saying
I'm reckless?
Yes. Kei!
We almost died out there.
- What don't you
understand about that?
- Yes. we almost died
but that's always been
a possibility and if you
can't handle it. you can leave.
[emotional music playing]
I can't leave you.
[music intensifies]
[disco music playing]
Hey.
Wow.
I gotta admit
I was surprised
to get your text.
[chuckling] So what
do you wanna drink?
Hey. Two beers.
[bartender] All right. gotcha.
I never could
resist that smile.
- That was the problem.
- [chuckles]
You were the problem.
- You know that.
- Okay.
So. welcome back.
Thanks.
How's. uh. Hannah?
Dani. [chuckles]
- Long time ago.
- Good.
There's something
different about you.
[music continues]
[no audible dialogue]
[intense music playing]
[phone chimes]
[sighs]
[May] Jesus Christ.
[May] They've been following
us since the beginning.
[agent 1. in Japanese]
[agent 2]
[agent 1]
[May. in English]
Clever girl. Brenda.
[Kentaro] Why the hell
did they take it?
[Hiroshi] Maybe they want
the world to know
this thing is out there.
[sighs]
[siren blaring]
[music stops]
[clubgoers clamoring]
[automated voice] This is
the Monarch safety alert.
- A Titan sighting...
- Good evening.
It's fine.
No. I don't think it is.
It's... It's fine.
It's just a watch.
Just a watch?
- Do you have an evac plan?
- [Cate] No. I don't.
It doesn't matter. okay?
It was me.
- It was all my fault.
- What are you talking about?
[tense music playing]
- Okay. you know what?
- Forget it.
Um. we gotta go.
Let's go.
Let me go!
- Look. Please. let's--
- No!
You need help.
I'm gonna go home.
Maybe you should too.
[reporter] Once again.
a new Titan has been spotted
in the Pacific Ocean.
It is considered
extremely dangerous.
- Lee.
- Huh?
What do we do now?
Well. we can't go back
to the village. obviously.
We gotta find a boat.
A way to get a message
off the island.
- No.
- What?
[pensive music playing]
What are
we gonna do now?
No.
[Billy. in distance] Keiko!
Keiko!
[hopeful. tender music playing]
There. Here we go.
Keiko!
[sighs] We're so lucky
we found you.
We've been looking everywhere.
[sighs]
I'm sorry.
No. It's okay.
- No. it's not.
I shouldn't have left.
- It's okay. It's okay.
You were right.
We stick together.
What is it? Are you okay?
You okay?
- What happened?
- Nothing.
- Nothing. It's fine.
- Okay.
- Everything's fine.
- [sighing] Oh. good.
[sighs]
[pensive music playing]
[students screaming]
[Keiko] I don't want
to lose any more.
[Verdugo] Go. go. everybody.
Get out of here!
[Keiko] But if you open
that rift again. you don't
know what you could unleash.
- [machine whirring]
- [roaring. chittering]
[Hiroshi] We should've
never pushed that button!
[Verdugo] Cate. no!
[Tim] We gotta go.
Go. go. go. go! Move!
[roars]
[roaring]
[pensive music playing]
[sighs]
[Keiko] Dear Lee.
first things first.
I do love you.
I realized it that night.
I always have
and I always will.
but Billy has my heart.
So what happened between us
can never happen again.
It would destroy everything
we have built together.
It would destroy a good man
who we both love.
I won't allow that to happen.
And I don't believe
that you want that either.
In another lifetime.
in another world.
this could've been about us.
Maybe in the next lifetime
we will find each other again.
Until then. I remain.
Your Kei.
[sobs]
[groans]
Hiroshi...
we'll find another way.
We'll build another device
and use it to get the Titan
safely away from the world.
It took me six years
to build that one.
We'll do it together.
We have the blueprint--
In the time it will take
to even get the components.
the Titan could have killed
God knows how many.
Now the world knows.
The panic it will cause.
We'll go back to Monarch.
[Hiroshi] Monarch...
Monarch...
[in Japanese]
Monarch.
Hiroshi...
[chuckles. inhales shakily]
[whimpers]
[in English]
That's not true.
I never saw him again.
Billy would never leave you.
- No.
- I was just a child.
but I do remember.
Well. there must be
some other reason.
Then tell me.
What is it?
What makes a man abandon
an 11-year-old boy?
[sentimental music playing]
[Billy] Hiro? You up there?
Dinner's ready.
What's going on. buddy?
My knife got dull.
I was hoping Uncle Lee
would have something to help.
Yeah. he was always
good like that.
I miss him.
[sighs]
Yeah. me too.
Yeah. I miss them both.
Hey. why don't you.
uh. go pour yourself
a glass of milk?
- I'll clean all this up.
all right?
- Okay.
Hey. come here.
All right.
[inhales deeply. sighs]
[eerie music playing]